Add BatchSize default and max limit (#4869)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-webhook/index.md

7. Enable the destination and configured mappings.

{% include components/actions-fields.html settings="true"%}

> ## Batch Size Considerations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Batch size limits
```

> In Webhook Actions mapping, the default value of batch size is '1000'. It can be changed to lower or higher value, however, note that there is a upper limit of '4000' as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Webhook Actions mapping, the default value of batch size is `1000`. You can change this value, but there's a maximum batch size limit of `4000`. 
```
